wild animals in their innumerable forms
are an irreplaceable part of the Earth's
natural system each generation of man
holds the resources of the earth and
trust for future generations of the
world more than 1,750,000 described
animal species at least eight to ten
thousand migrate every minute every
single second millions of animals are
fighting their way through dangerous
territories through skies and seas
migratory species have always
contributed in many ways to ecosystem
structure and function
supporting the Earth's web of life while
migrating many species cross national
borders artificial constructs
meaningless to the animals but with
dramatic influences on their survival
chances
borders not only divided countries they
also separate national legislation and
political priorities the species fate
rests with governments CMS works by
bringing together the governments of its
parties to discuss ways of protecting
and conserving margot ori species
if we have a vision of the future it is
a future where animals also have a space
all in all the aims of the convention
are the global protection and
conservation of migratory species and
their sustainable use at the very
beginning 29 countries signed the
Convention since then many more
countries have decided to join taking a
full part in this convention with all
its benefits migrating animals face a
wide range of threats to their
individual lives and their populations
habitat loss climate change hunting
bycatch overfishing wind parks are
challenging the travelers of the natural
world gorillas are facing a dire future
we're cutting down the forest were
converting it to farmland were shooting
them to sell their meat in the markets
and we're capturing their babies to sell
alive to animal traders all of these
activities are illegal human impact
takes a heavy toll a great number of
animals are threatened with extinction
the extinction rate today is up to a
thousand times higher than the normal
rate extinction is forever
CMS considers obstacles to migration and
the imbalance of ecosystems to work out
solutions CMS works with other
organizations which bring together the
best scientific knowledge the convention
helps policymakers address the crisis
migratory species face in the world has
wild animals depend on various eco
system CMS recognizes the importance of
restoring and protecting the habitats
which sustain animals during their
migration
all species have scientific value have a
cultural element aesthetic value and are
very precious to art who are very
wealthy migratory animals have a right
to live with us on this planet the world
is increasingly overpopulated where
natural habitats are increasingly
degraded this organization can make a
difference we work with species on the
ground in the sea and in the air we work
with many species around the world that
are endangered we work with elephants
gorillas sharks whales birds marine
turtles and bats all countries have a
responsibility to save their natural
heritage the ecosystem and the species
that make up the web of life join CMS to
conserve our natural heritage and build
bridges for migratory animals across all
boundaries
you